2020.1:
 * Version 4.2 (Rev. 3)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2019.2.2:
 * Version 4.2 (Rev. 2)
 * No changes

2019.2.1:
 * Version 4.2 (Rev. 2)
 * No changes

2019.2:
 * Version 4.2 (Rev. 2)
 * Feature Enhancement: CASCADE_HEIGHT parameter added for TX and RX FIFOs
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2019.1.3:
 * Version 4.2 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2019.1.2:
 * Version 4.2 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2019.1.1:
 * Version 4.2 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2019.1:
 * Version 4.2 (Rev. 1)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.3.1:
 * Version 4.2
 * No changes

2018.3:
 * Version 4.2
 * Feature Enhancement: fifo generator replaced with XPM.
 * Feature Enhancement: Default values for FIFO_PE_THRESHOLD parameters changed to 5.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.2:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 14)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.1:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 13)
 * Feature Enhancement: Axi ID width range increased to support upto 32 bits.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.4:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 12)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.3:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 11)
 * Feature Enhancement: Asynchronous reset flops are moved to use synchronous reset
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.2:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 10)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.1:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 9)
 * General: Internal device family change, no functional changes
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.4:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 8)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.3:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 7)
 * General: Source HDL files are concatenated into a single file to speed up synthesis and simulation. No changes required by the user
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.2:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 6)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.1:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 5)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.4.2:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 4)
 * No changes

2015.4.1:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 4)
 * No changes

2015.4:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 4)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.3:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 3)
 * IP revision number added to HDL module, library, and include file names, to support designs with both locked and upgraded IP instances
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.2.1:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 2)
 * No changes

2015.2:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 2)
 * No changes

2015.1:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 2)
 * Enabled out-of-context clock frequency setting by adding FREQ_HZ parameter to clock ports
 * Supported devices and production status are now determined automatically, to simplify support for future devices

2014.4.1:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2014.4:
 * Version 4.1 (Rev. 1)
 * Internal device family change, no functional changes

2014.3:
 * Version 4.1
 * Increased the FIFO depth support up to 128K
 * Increased the AXI4 Data Width support up to 512
 * OFFSET address of TDFD and RDFD registers are changed to 0x0000 and 0x1000 respectively for AXI4 Data Interface to support wider data width

2014.2:
 * Version 4.0 (Rev. 5)
 * Repackaged to improve internal automation, no functional changes.

2014.1:
 * Version 4.0 (Rev. 4)
 * Internal device family name change, no functional changes

2013.4:
 * Version 4.0 (Rev. 3)
 * Added support for Ultrascale devices

2013.3:
 * Version 4.0 (Rev. 2)
 * Selectable transmit and receive path
 * Enhanced support for IP Integrator
 * Reduced warnings in synthesis and simulation
 * Added example design
 * Added support for Cadence IES and Synopsys VCS simulators

2013.2:
 * Version 4.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Repackaged to enable internal version management, no functional changes.

2013.1:
 * Version 4.0
 * Native Vivado Release
 * TID and TUSER ports added to the AXI4 Stream interface
 * TID, TUSER, TDEST, TKEEP and TSTRB are made as selectable option in IP Customization GUI

(c) Copyright 2002 - 2020 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
